I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
There is a road, no simple highway, between the dawn and the dark of night, and if you go, no one may follow, that path is for your steps alone.
I wonder if I shall fall right through the earth! How funny it'll seem to come out among the people that walk with their heads downward!
The world is a looking glass, and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face. Frown at it and it will in turn look sourly upon you; laugh at it and with it, and it is a jolly kind companion.
People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
I've had a lover's quarrel with the world.
I'd rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate.
No pessimest ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture and, if possible, speak a few reasonable words.
It is normal to give away a little of one's life in order not to lose it all.
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.
Do, or do not. There is no 'try'.
Poetry and Hums aren't things which you get, they're things which get you. And all you can do is to go where they can find you.
Finish each day and be done with it. Youhave done what you could; some blunders and absurdities have crept in;  forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Old boys have their playthings as well as young ones, the difference is only in the price.
Little surprises around everywhere, but nothing dangerous. Don't be alarmed.
It's not very pleasant in my corner of the world at three o'clock in the morning. But for people who like cold, wet, ugly bits it is something rather special.
There was a man from Sung who pulled at his rice plants because he was worried about their failure to grow.
There were many ways of breaking a heart. Stories were full of hearts being broken by love, but what really broke a heart was taking away its dream - whatever that dream might be.
I had rather attempt something great and fail, than to attempt nothing at all and succeed.
If I had my life to live over, I would try to make more mistakes.  I would relax. I would climb more mountains and swim more rivers. I would pick more daisies. I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval.
We rest here while we can, but we hear the ocean calling in our dreams, And we know by the morning, the wind will fill our sails to test the seams, The calm is on the water and part of us would linger by the shore, For ships are safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Analysis kills spontaneity. The grain once ground into flour springs and germinates no more.
The game of life is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well.
One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of.  You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass over;  thus the wise say the path to Salvation is hard.
I divide my time as follows: half the time I sleep, the other half I dream. I never dream when I sleep, for that would be a pity, for sleeping is the highest accomplishment of genius.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
It is not necessary that you leave the house. Remain at your table and listen. Do not even listen,  only wait. Do not even wait, be wholly still and alone. The world will present itself to you for its unmasking . . . in ecstasy it will writhe at your feet.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
I have seen yesterday, I love today, I am not afraid of tomorrow.
I don't think there ever was a lazy man in this world. Every man has some sort of gift, and he prizes that gift beyond all others. He may be a professional billiard-player, or a Paderewski, or a poet - I don't care what it is. But whatever it is, he takes a native delight in exploiting that gift, and you will find it is difficult to beguile him away from it. Well, there are thousands of other interests occupying other men, but those interests don't appeal to the special tastes of the billiard champion or Paderewski. They are set down, therefore, as too lazy to do that or do this - to do, in short what they have no taste or inclination to do. In that sense, then I am phenomenally lazy. But when it comes to writing a book - I am not lazy. My family find it difficult to dig me out of my chair.
I have learned at least this by my experiments: that if one advances confidenly in the direction of his dreams and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
If nothing in life is a struggle then life itself will become one.
A man walks through life painting a portrait, not of what he would have done, could have done, or should have done, but of what he did.
Do Not follow where the path may lead.  Go instead where there is no path, and leave a trail.
All the Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas Layin' in the sun, Talkin' bout the things They woulda-coulda-shoulda done... But those Woulda-Coulda-Shouldas All ran away and hid From one little did.
Joy, temperance, and repose, Slam the door on the doctor's nose.
When they leave here they'll be completely restored to their normal terrible old selves. But maybe they'll be a little wiser for the wear.
Thats always been my problem.  People think I'm being vulgar when I'm being serious and serious when I'm being vulgar.
The man on top of the mountain did not fall there.
Come to the edge, he said.  We are afraid, they said.  Come to the edge, he said.  They came, he pushed...and they flew.
You should never doubt what no one is sure about.
We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams.
A mistake in judgment isn't fatal, but too much anxiety about judgment is.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
There is no course of life so weak and sottish as that which is managed by order, method, and discipline.
Take your time, think a lot, think of everything you've got.  For you will still be here tomorrow nut your dreams may not.
Youth furnishes the materials and plans for the future.  Maturity takes and cuts the stones; provided the so-called wisdom of old age doesn't destroy the genius of youth.
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
I sit beside the fire and think of all that I have seen, of meadow-flowers and butterflies.  In summers that have been;  Of yellow leaves and gossamer in autumns that there were, with morning mist and silver sun and wind upon my hair.
The world stands aside to let anyone pass who knows where he is going.
The activity of happiness must occupy an entire lifetime; for one swallow does not a summer make.
Today equals the sum of yesterdays dreams and tomorrows memories.
There are those that look at things the way they are, and ask why? I dream of things that never were, and ask why not.
Serious-minded people have few ideas. People with ideas are never serious.
You'll miss 100% of all the shots you don't take.
To live you have to experiment, to have the ability to experiment you have to have confidence, to have confidence you have to be loved, to be loved you have to love.
When I'm playful I use the meridians of longitude and parallels of latitude for a seine, and drag the Atlantic Ocean for whales. I scratch my head with the lightning and purr myself to sleep with the thunder.
The troubles of the young are soon over; they leave no external mark. If you wound the tree in its youth the bark will quickly cover the gash; but when the tree is very old, peeling the bark off . . . you will see the scar there still.
Everything has two sides --the outside that is ridiculous, and the inside that is solemn.
People tend to think that life really does progress for everyone eventually, that people progress, but actually only some people progress. The rest of the people don't.
The quality of life is determined by its activities
I was wise enough to never grow up while fooling most people into believing I had.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Skate to where the puck is going, not to where it's been
When you remember how hard it is to change yourself, you begin to understand what little chance we have of changing others.
Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.
After a time, you may find that "having" is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as "wanting." It is not logical, but it is often true.
We don't live in the world of reality, we live in the world of how we perceive reality.
The common ingredients of health and long life are: Great temperance, open air, Easy labor and little care.
There is no such thing as a sudden heart-attack. It takes years of preparation.
What a pity human beings can't exchange problems. Everyone knows exactly how to solve the other fellow's.
Look not mournfully into the Past. It comes not back again. Wisely improve the Present. In is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy Future, without fear, and a manly heart.
Anybody can win unless there happens to be a second entry.
Today is cash, tomorrow is a promissary note.
It all comes down to one very simple choice.... Get busy livin' or get busy dyin'.
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time.
Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'.
Little things console us because little things afflict us.
It was previously a question of finding out whether or not life had to have a meaning to be lived. It now  becomes clear, on the contrary, that it will be lived all the better if it has no meaning.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and all science. He to whom this emotion is a stranger, who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
There is a theory which states that if ever anybody discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.  There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
The greatest trick the devil ever played was convincing the world he didn't exist.
He who stands of tiptoe is not steady.  He who strides cannot maintain the pace.
Man drives, but the Creator holds the reigns.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things that escape those who dream only at night.
The devil can site Scripture for his purpose.
Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it.  The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time.  On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops.  Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs.
To swear off making mistakes is very easy. All you have to do is swear off having ideas.
The world owes all its onward impulses to men ill at ease. The happy man confines himself within ancient limits.
Talk about your plenty, talk about your ills, One man gathers what another man spills.
Hold fast to dreams , for if dreams die, life is like a broken winged bird that cannot fly.
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go.
I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity.
The noisiest drum has nothing in it but air.
Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate.
We cannot tempt fate without eventually getting scorched by it.
Hope is a good thing - maybe the best thing, and no good thing ever dies.
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.  Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.
Age does not bring wisdom ... but it does give perspective . . . and the saddest perspective of all is to see far, far behind you, the temptations you've passed up.
Heaven never helps the men who will not act.
The sage manages affairs without action and spreads doctrines without words . . .  By acting without action, all things will be in order.
The sole root of mans' unhappiness is that man does not know how to sit and stay quietly in his room
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.
Often people attempt to live their lives backwards; they try to have more things, or more money, in order to do more of what they want, so they will be happier. The way it actually works is the reverse. You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want.
When a man won't listen to his conscience, it's usually because he doesn't want advice from a total stranger.
There comes a time when suddenly you realize that laughter is something you remember and that you were the one laughing.
There are too many books I haven't read, too many places I haven't seen, too many memories I haven't kept long enough.
Time does not relinquish its rights, either over human beings or over mountains.
If you stop searching, you stop living, because then you're dwelling in the past. If you're not reaching forward to any growth or future, you might as well be dead.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.   Only one feat is possible.  Not to have run away.
Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out alive.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
It's never to late to have a happy childhood.
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
While one person hesitates because he feels inferior, the other is busy making mistakes and becoming superior.
The story teller makes no choice. Soon you will not hear his voice.  His job is to shed light, and not to master.  Since the end is never told, we pay the teller off in gold, in hopes he will return, but he cannot be bought or sold.
It is better to be high-spirited even though one makes more mistakes, than to be narrow-minded and all to prudent.  Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model.
If everything's under control, you're going too slow.
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, turn back.
Do all the good you can, By all the means you can, In all the ways you can, In all the places you can, At all the times you can, To all the people you can, As long as ever you can.
One lives in the hope of becoming a memory.
In raising my children, I have lost my mind but found my soul.
You can outdistance that which is running after you, but not what is running inside you.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
One day at a time -- this is enough. Do not look back and grieve over the past, for it is gone; and do not be troubled about the future, for it has not yet come. Live in the present, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering.
A man who is 'of sound mind' is one who keeps the inner madman under lock and key.
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh -- at yourself.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
A hundred years from now it will not matter what my bank account was, the sort of house I lived in, or the kind of car I drove... But the world may be different because I was important in the life of a child.
The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along.
Sooner or later we must realize there is no station, no one place to arrive at once and for all. The true joy of life is the trip.
If you want your dreams to come true, don't sleep.
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
Ideas are like wandering sons. They show up when you least expect them.
Dreams are renewable. No matter what our age or condition, there are still untapped possibilities within us and new beauty waiting to be born.
When you finally go back to your old hometown, you find it wasn't the old home you missed but your childhood.
Among my most prized possessions are words that I have never spoken.
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty.
Isolation is aloneness that feels forced upon you, like a punishment. Solitude is aloneness you choose and embrace. I think great things can come out of solitude, out of going to a place where all is quiet except the beating of your heart.
On the whole, age comes more gently to those who have some doorway into an abstract world-art, or philosophy, or learning-regions where the years are scarcely noticed and the young and old can meet in a pale truthful light.
To rid ourselves of our shadows - who we are - we must step into either total light or total darkness.
Happy campers you have been, happy campers you are, and happy campers you will always be.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
I like to see you move with the rythm; I Like to see when you're dancin' from within.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving and that is your own self.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
It is the sign of a dull mind to dwell upon the cares of the body, to prolong exercise, eating and drinking, and other bodily functions. These things are best done by the way; all your attention must be given to the mind.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
As soon as man does not take his existence for granted, but beholds it as something unfathomably mysterious, thought begins.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
If a person foolishly does me wrong, I will return to him the protection of my boundless love. The more evil that comes from him, the more good will go from me. I will always give off only the fragrance of goodness.
This occupation with ideas of immortality is for people of rank, and especially for ladies who have nothing to do.  But a man of real worth who has something to do here, and must toil and struggle to produce day by day, leaves the future world to itself, and is active and useful in this.
A wee child toddling in a wonder world, I prefer to their dogma my excursions into the natural gardens where the voice of the Great Spirit is heard in the twittering of birds, the rippling of mighty waters, and the sweet breathing of flowers. If this is Paganism, then at present, at least, I am a Pagan.
If you think you're too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room.
The hearts of the great can be changed.
Never let the future disturb you.  You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides, never decides. Accept life and you must accept regret.
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Let yourself be open and life will be easier.  A spoon of salt in a glass of water makes the water undrinkable.  A spoon of salt in a lake is almost unnoticed.
The worst things: To be in bed and sleep not, To want for one who comes not, To try to please and please not.
Sanity is madness put to good uses; waking life is a dream controlled.
Ventis secundis, tene cursum.
Even in the presence of others, he was completely alone.
Talk to every woman as if you loved her, and to every man as if he bored you, and at the end of your first season you will have the reputation of possessing the most perfect social tact.
When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness’ sake. But don’t make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasion quicker than adults, and evasion simply muddles ‘em.
Be aware that young people have to be able to make their own mistakes and that times change.
A daydream is a meal at which images are eaten. Some of us are gourmets, some gourmands, and a good many take their images precooked out of a can and swallow them down whole, absent-mindedly and with little relish.
A man is not honest simply because he never had a chance to steal.
The death of fear is in doing what you fear to do.
Men create war to compete with women, who create life.
A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much.  
The misfortune of the wise is better than the prosperity of the fool.
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.   To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.  To accuse neither  oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who, however, has never learned how to walk forward.
I'm a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
The sweetest of all sounds is praise.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I'm right.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
The will to win is worthless if you don't get paid for it.
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
Every man alone is sincere; at the entrance of a second person hypocrisy begins.
I enjoyed my own nature to the fullest, and we all know that there lies happiness, although, to soothe one another mutually, we occasionally pretend to condemn such joys as selfishness.
I seated ugliness on my knee, and almost immediately grew tired of it.
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once. And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh.
Objective evidence and certitude are doubtless very fine ideals to play with, but where on this moonlit and dream-visited planet are they found?
Patience will achieve more than force.
If you believe everything you read, you better not read.
Against stupidity the very gods themselves contend in vain.
When you live in the shadow of insanity, the appearance of another mind that thinks and acts as yours does is something close to a blessed event.
Failures are divided into two classes--those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
Keep cool, but don't freeze.
Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one who knows how to combine them.
You can cheat an honest man but not make a fool out of him.
You've got to be careful if you don't know where you are going, because you might not get there.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong.
If you want a place in the sun you've got to put up with a few blisters
The only limits are, as always, those of vision.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life.  It goes on.
Accept that some days you're the pigeon, and some days your're the statue.
Better to be occasionally cheated than prpetually suspicious.
Thing big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.
A man's greatest strength develops at the point where he overcomes his greatest weakness.
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
The moment of victory is much too short to live for that and nothing else.
Perseverence is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
Inorder to make your dreams come true, you must awaken and take charge.
I was too far out all my life, and not waving, but drowning.
The mind makes a self made prison, while the heart makes a self taught lover.
Silence is the haven of a purposeful mind.
Poetry is the key to one of lifes biggest mysteries; the human mind.
Never eat more than you can lift.
Counting time is not so important as making time count.
I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But l can't accept not trying.
Once you face your fear, nothing is ever as hard as you think.
If you plan for the worse and the worst does not come, what does come is at least better.
We just don't recognize the most significant moments of our lives while they're happening.
We don't change over time. We only become more ourselves.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with one simple step.
Failure is a word I simply don't accept!
Don't feel sorry for yourself if you have taken the wrong road - turn around!
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one is watching...
God made the world, My Lord, and looked at it, and saw that it was good. Yes. But what if the world had looked back at him, to see whether he was goodor not?
I thought for a minute, and I said, Well, I wanted to be a beautiful pearl, but I looked in the mirror and decided that wasn't in the cards. And then I said, Oh, well, maybe I can be an oyster, because the oyster makes the beautiful pearl.
Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads.
Someone's boring me. I think it's me.
The average person thinks he isn't.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Even if you"re on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Truly great madness cannot be achieved without significant intelligence.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
In these matters the only certainty is that nothing is certain.
Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use.
There is no such thing as a 'self-made' man. We are made up of thousands of others. Everyone who has ever done a kind deed for us, or spoken one word of encouragement to us, has entered into the make-up of our character and of our thoughts, as well as our success.
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
Our lives improve only when we take chances -- and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
If people did not sometimes do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enought to know they were impossible.
There's no fool like an old fool --- you can't beat experience.
Every generation thinks it has the answers, and every generation is humbled by nature.
No man really becomes a fool until he stops asking questions.
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.
An unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones.
A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do.
It wasn't until late in life that I discovered how easy it is to say 'I don't know'.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Others stay for a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same.
I'm goin' where the wind don't blow so strange, maybe off on some high cold mountain chain.
In order to make your dreams come true, you must awaken and take charge.
I was too far out all my life, and not waving, but drowning.
The mind makes a self made prison, while the heart makes a self taught lover.
Silence is the haven of a purposeful mind.
Once you face your fear, nothing is ever as hard as you think.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
If you plan for the worse and the worst does not come, what does come is at least better.
We just don't recognize the most significant moments of our lives while they're happening.
That man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
Don't feel sorry for yourself if you have taken the wrong road - turn around!
Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment.
Everyone has talent. What is rare is the courage to follow the talent to the dark place where it leads.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Truly great madness cannot be achieved without significant intelligence.
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die.
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience.
Our lives improve only when we take chances -- and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
If people did not sometimes do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.
I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center.
If you are drowning and all you can think about is the fact that you can't swim, you are certainly going to die.
Life is like a rollercoaster, it has it's ups and downs, but when part of it is over, you wish you could do it again.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
Habits are safer than rules; you don't have to watch them. And you don't have to keep them either. They keep you.
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats.
They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel.
A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
It's hard to fight an enemy who has outposts in your head.
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies.
You can get much farther with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
You cannot prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can prevent them from building nests in your hair.
Nicht wollen ist der Grund, nicht knnen nur der Vorwand.
Somehow life doesn't always pay off to those who are most insistent.
It ain't no sin to be glad you're alive.
Making a record is like building a ship in a bottle. Playing a concert is like being in a rowboat on the ocean.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
To make a prairie, It takes clover and one bee, One clover, and a bee, and revery.  The revery alone will do, If bees are few.
Only those who attempt the absurd will achieve the impossible.  I think it's in my basement...let me go upstairs and check.
Don't cry when the sun is gone, because the tears won't let you see the stars.
Always go to the bathroom when you have a chance.
We must laugh at man to avoid crying for him.
I have never been lost, but I will admit to being confused for several weeks.
The man who rolls up his sleeves seldom loses his shirt.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
Resolve to make each day the very best and don't let anyone get in your way. If they do, step on them.
Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it.
In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back.
A man who makes trouble for others is also making trouble for himself.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Just surrender to the cycle of things, Give yourself to the waves of the Great Change, And when it is time to go, then simply go, Without any unnecessary fuss.
We encounter the grinding wheels that sharpen our mental blades many places in life. Adversity, school, parents, spiritual guides, books, experience are all sharpening teachers. As we grow older, to stay sharp we must find new grindstones to whet and sharpen our potential and keep us at our brightest, most penetrating best.
His best companions, innocence and health; And his best riches, ignorance of wealth.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
Never fear shadows. They simply mean that there's a light somewhere nearby.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
There is a great disturbance in the force.
To fly, we have to have resistance.
O, what a tangled web we weave, when first we practise to deceive.
Reason often makes mistakes, but conscience never does.
Life moves pretty fast, If you don't take a look around once and awhile, you could miss it.
Life is as a jelly roll. When you think you have it eaten, it comes out the other end.
No animal is so inexhaustable as an excited infant.
Leftovers in their less visible form are called memories. Stored in the refrigerator of the mind and the cupboard of the heart.
There was a time when a fool and his money were soon parted, but now it happens to everybody.
We ought to do good to others as simply as a horse runs, or a bee makes honey, or a vine bears grapes season after season without thinking of the grapes it has borne.
There wouldn't be a sky full of stars if we were all meant to wish on the same one.
Setting an example for your children takes all the fun out of middle age. Conditions are never just right. People who delay action until all factors are favorable do nothing.
Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own.  When I hear somebody sigh, Life is hard, I am always tempted to ask, Compared to what?
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in. One man with courage makes a majority.
Of those who say nothing, few are silent.
When we walk to the edge of all the light we have and take the step into the darkness of the unknown, we must believe that one of two things will happen. There will be something solid for us to stand on or we will be taught to fly.
Life is the acceptance of responsibilities or their evasion, it is a business of meeting obligations or avoiding them. To every man the choice is continually being offered, and by the manner of his choosing you may fairly measure him.
How do I know that love of life is not a delusion after all? How do I know that he who dreads death is not as a child who has lost his way and does not know his way home?
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation.
Age does not diminish the extreme disappointment of having a scoop of ice cream fall from the cone.
The future you shall know when it has come; before then, forget it.
Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake.
The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.
We cannot waste time.  We can only waste ourselves.
There's never enough time to do all the nothing you want.
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
Let us be of good cheer, remembering that the misfortunes hardest to bear are those which will never happen.
One problem with gazing too frequently into the past is that we may turn around to find the future has run out on us.
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left.
If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
Time and memory are true artists; they remould reality nearer to the heart's desire.
I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable to sit still and quiet in a room alone.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
The worst bankrupt in the world is the person who has lost his enthusiasm.
Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
Think it more satisfactory to live richly than die rich.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Stop a moment, cease your work, and look around you.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
A solitary, unused to speaking of what he sees and feels, has mental experiences which are at once more intense and less articulate than those of a gregarious man.
I don't know what you could say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets.
I don't know what you could say about a day in which you have seen four beautiful sunsets.
It is a revenge the devil sometimes takes upon the virtuous, that he entraps them by the force of the very passion they have suppressed and think themselves superior to.
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
Everything flows; nothing remains.
All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer.
Money, the root of all evil...but the cure for all sadness.
Advice is like snow -- the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper in sinks into the mind.
People generally quarrel because they cannot argue.
He who angers you conquers you.
The marvelous richness of human experience would lose something of rewarding joy if there were no limitations to overcome. The hilltop hour would not be half so wonderful if there were no dark valleys to traverse.
Beware of the man who does not talk, and the dog that does not bark.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
Your life is the sum result of all the choices you make, both consciously and unconsciously. If you can control the process of choosing, you can take control of all aspects of your life. You can find the freedom that comes from being in charge of yourself.
Habit and routine have an unbelievable power to waste and destroy.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Life is like music; it must be composed by ear, feeling, and instinct, not by rule.
Real poverty is less a state of income than a state of mind.
You can't put the toothpaste back in the tube.
We are most nearly ourselves when we achieve the seriousness of the child at play.
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
The nice thing about egoists is that they don't talk about other people.
Before the gates of excellence the high gods have placed sweat; long is the road thereto and rough and steep at first; but when the heights are reached, then there is ease, though grievously hard in the winning.
Too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve.
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty; not knowing what comes next.
Paranoia is reality on a finer scale.
It is only imperfection that complains of what is imperfect.  The more perfect we are, the more gentle and quiet we become toward the defects of others.
I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me.
Go thy way, eat thy bread with joy, and drink thy wine with a merry heart; for God now accepteth thy works.
A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything. Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity.
I believe that if you think about disaster, you will get it. Brood about death and you hasten your demise. Think positively and masterfully with confidence and faith, and life becomes more secure, more fraught with action, richer in achievement and experience.
My research consists of studying the effects of putting somebody like me into a world like this.
Whatever the theories may be of woman's dependence on man, in the supreme moments of her life he can not bear her burdens.
Sun illuminates only the eye of the man, but shines into the eye and heart of the child.
Most of us don't know what we want and spend our lives wondering why we don't get it.
Each has his past shut in him like the leaves of a book known to him by heart and his friends can only read the title.
A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water.
People change, not necessarily in negative ways. Sometimes goals and intentions in life aren't aligned. It's just choices we make in life. Otherwise, why aren't we with the person we were with in seventh grade?
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
For fast acting relief ;  try slowing down.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
We are not permitted to choose the frame of our destiny. But what we put into it is ours.
One can know a man from his laugh, and if you like a man's laugh before you know anything of him, you may confidently say that he is a good man.
Silence is exhilarating at first--as noise is--but there is a sweetness to silence outlasting exhilaration, akin to the sweetness of listening and the velvet of sleep.
When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
Time makes more converts than reason.
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way, and not to give others absurd maddening claims upon it.
The bigger the real-life problems, the greater the tendency for the discipline to retreat into a reassuring fantasy-land of abstract theory and technical manipulation.
No man means all he says, and yet very few say all they mean, for words are slippery and thought is viscous.
The age span 16-30 is crucial, for that is the period when life adds sweetness to itself, when talents, skills and attitudes are accumulated, sublimated, and sanctified. If the tonic of unselfish service is administered to the mind during this period, life mission is fulfilled - for the process of sublimation and sanctification will be hastened by this tonic.
Probably the happiest period in life most frequently is in middle age, when the eager passions of youth are cooled, and the infirmities of age not yet begun; as we see that the shadows, which are at morning and evening so large, almost entirely disappear at midday.
The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the more important.
While we are free to choose our actions, we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions.
My advice to people today is as follows: If you take the game of life seriously, if you take your nervous system seriously, if you take your sense organs seriously, if you take the energy process seriously, you must turn on, tune in, and drop out.
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning.
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way, and not to give others absurd maddening claims upon it.
It is sufficiently clear that all things are changed, and nothing really perishes, and that the sum of matter remains absolutely the same.
The road up and the road down are one and the same.
The badge of honesty. Having it lets you look at any man in the eye. Lacking it he won't look back. Keep this one at the top of your list.
May the road rise to meet you. May the wind always be at your back. May the sun shine warm upon your face, the rains fall soft upon your fields, and, until we meet again, may God hold you in the palm of his hand.
The fellow who thinks he knows it all is especially annoying to those of us who do.
None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free.
Women and cats will do as they please and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Those who are awake all live in the same world. Those who are asleep live in their own worlds.
The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn, like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes "Awww!
We grow small trying to be great.
Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake.  For him the spinal cord alone would fully suffice.
Until now, modes of life have been based on the material servitude of the mass of people. Intellectual exploration, intellectual creativity, and the substance of personal freedom have been limited to minorities of the population. Intellectual exploration as a paid job has been limited to accredited social élites.
The world is made of people who never quite get into the first team and who just miss the prizes at the flower show.
The society of merchants can be defined as a society in which things disappear in favor of signs. When a ruling class measures its fortunes, not by the acre of land or the ingot of gold,but by the number of figures corresponding ideally to a certain number of exchange operations, it thereby condemns itself to setting a certain kind of humbug at the center of its experience and its universe. A society founded on signs is, in its essence, an artificial society in which man'scarnal truth is handled as something artificial.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
One death is a tragedy.  A million deaths is a statistic.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they never use.
Heredity is a splendid phenomenon that relievesus of responsibility for our shortcomings.
We take what we want and leave the rest,just like your salad bar.
Only dead fish go with the current.
Aristotle taught that the brain exists merely to cool the bloodand is not involved in the process of thinking.  This is true only of certain persons.
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it.
The secret of being tiresome is to tell everything.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have few virtues.
Putting it in plain terms, the general public must be reduced to its traditional apathy and obedience, and driven from the arena of political debate and action, if democracy is to survive.
You cannot strengthen the weak by weakening the strong. You cannot help small men by tearing down big men.  You cannot help the poor by destroying the rich. You cannot lift the wage earner by pulling down the wage-payer.  You cannot keep out of trouble by spending more than your income. You cannot further the brotherhood of man by inciting class hatreds. You cannot build character and courage by taking away a man's initiative and independence. You cannot help men permenantly by doing for them what they could and should do for themselves.
The invention of the teenager was a mistake. Once you identify a period of life in which people get to stay out late but don't have to pay taxes - naturally, nobody wants to live any other way.
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
It is natural to man to indulge in the illusion of hope. We are apt to shut our eyes against the painful truth, and listen to the song of that siren, till she transforms us into beasts.
The concept of progress acts as a protective mechanism to shield us from the terrors of the future.
Our crude civilization engenders a multitude of wants, and law-givers are ever at their wit's enddevising.  The hall and the theater and the church have been invented, and compulsory education.  Why not add compulsory recreation? Our forefathers forged chains of duty and habit, which bindus notwithstanding our boasted freedom, and we ourselves in desperation add link to link,groaning and making medicinal laws for relief. Yet few think of pure rest or of the healing powerof Nature.
And what does the money machine eat to shit out? It eats youth, spontaneity, life, beauty and above all it eats creativity. It eats quality and shits out quantity.
The world acquires value only through its extremes and endures only through moderation; extremists make the world great, the moderates give it stability.
To talk much and arrive nowhere is the same as climbing a tree to catch a fish.
There can be no truth since truth varies with different individuals and with each individual in different circumstances; there can be no communication with others because words interpret what seems to be and not what is; and, in the last resort, there can be no sanity since sanity demands a stable foundation.
If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.  Time Enough for Love.
The hallmark of our age is the tension between aspirations and sluggish institutions.
The monster of advertisement. . . is a sort of octopus with innumerable tentacles. It. . . gathers in, through its thousand little suckers, all the gossip and slander and praise afloat, to spit out again at the public.'
I praise loudly, I blame softly.
Great men are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
A man who keeps his word is worth much more.
Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur each day.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Good sense is, of all things among men, the most equally distributed; for every one thinks himself so abundantly provided with it, that those even who are the most difficult to satisfy in everything else, do not usually desire a larger measure of this quality than they already possess.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them?  Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
Wave upon wave of demented avengers march cheerfully out of obscurity into the dream. Have you heard the news?  The dogs are dead. You'd better stay home and do as you're told. Get out of the road if you wanna grow old.
Finding a cure for cancer and heart disease would be a major financial disaster which would bankrupt the social security system and the big insurance companies.
When you have once seen the glow of happiness on the face of a beloved person, you know that a man can have no vocation but to awaken that light on the faces surrounding him; and you are torn by the thought of the unhappiness and night you cast, by the mere fact of living, in the hearts you encounter.
The present state of the world and the whole of life is diseased. If I were a doctor and were asked for my advice, I should reply: Create Silence.
Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.
It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country besides politicians, entertainers, and criminals.
Half the troubles of mankind come from ignorance, -- ignorance which is systematically organized with societies for its support and newspapers for its dissemination, -- ignorance which consists less in not knowing things, than in willfully ignoring the things that are already known.
It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me. But it can keep him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.
It's no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
Advertising isn't a science. It's persuasion. And persuasion is an art.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
The urbane activity which a man receives money is really marvellous, considering that we so earnestly believe money to be the root of all earthly ills, and that on no account can a monied man enter heaven.  Ah! how cheerfully we consign ourselves to perdition!
The great curse of our modern society is not so much the lack of money as the fact that the lack of money condemns a man to a squalid and incomplete existence.
So far as I can see, the atomic bomb has deadened the finest feeling that has sustained humankind for ages... The moral to be legitimately drawn from the supreme tragedy of the bomb is that it will not be destroyed by counter-bombs, even violence cannot be by counter-violence. Human kind has to get out of violence only through nonviolence. Hatred can be overcome only by love. Counter-hatred only increases the surface as well as the depth of hatred.
America has no north, no south, no east, no west. The sun rises over the hills and sets over the mountains, the compass just points up and down, and we can laugh now at the absurd notion of there being a north and a south. We are one and undivided.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are a good person is a little like expecting a bull not to attack you because you are a vegetarian.
We are living in a world today where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons...
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything.
The populace is by nature fickle. It is easy to persuade them of something, but very difficult to confirm them in that persuasion.
There is nothing more uncommon than common sense.
So many gods, so many creeds, So many paths that wind and wind, While just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.
Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
Man walks the moon but his soul remains riveted to earth.  Once upon a time it was the opposite.
The amount of noise which anyone can bear undisturbed stands in inverse proportion to his mental capacity.
Hypocrisy is the lubricant of society.
In Germany they came first for the Communists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist. Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant. Then they came for me, and by that time no one was left to speak up.
Man has made use of his intelligence, he invented stupidity.
Nothing is too high for the daring of mortals: we storm heaven itself in our folly.
If triangles had a God, He'd have three sides.
(In regards to China) "To trade with them is actually more corrosive than not.
Before you kill something make sure you have something better to replace it with; something better than political opportunist slamming hate horse shit in the public park.
When we get piled upon one another in large cities, as in Europe, we shall become as corrupt as Europe.
We Arabs, especially the educated among us, look with deepest sympathy on the Zionist movement... We will wish the Jews a hearty welcome home... We are working together for a reformed and revised Near East, and our two movements complement one another. The movement is national and not imperialistic. There is room in Syria for us both. Indeed, I think that neither can be successful without the other.
They will say you are on the wrong road, if it is your own.
In every country where man is free to think and to speak, differences of opinion will arise from difference of perception, and the imperfection of reason; but these differences when permitted, as in this happy country, to purify themselves by free discussion, are but as passing clouds overspreading our land transiently and leaving our horizon more bright and serene.
Football combines two of the worst things about American life.  It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it.
The chief product of an automated society is a widespread and deepening sense of boredom.
Money never made a man happy yet, nor will it. There is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more a man has, the more he wants. Instead of its filling a vacuum, it makes one.
You do not destroy an idea by killing people; you replace it with a better one.
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
Only the wisest and the stupidest of men never change.
Those that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
A true leader is hated by most, and respected by all. A follower is liked by all, and respected by none.
Madness is rare in individuals; but in groups, political parties, nations, and eras it's the rule.
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
Any society that needs disclaimers has too many lawyers.
What fools these mortals be.(Tanta Stultitia Mortalium Est.)
Speak only well of people and you need never whisper.
Few of us will have the greatness to bend history itself, but each of us can work to change a small portion ofevents, and in the total of these acts will be written the history of this generation.
Nothing... is unchangeable but the inherent and inalienable rights of man."rights of man.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
The future, according to some scientists, will be exactly like the past, only far more expensive.
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
Never attribute to malice what can be adequately explained by stupidity.
What a blessing it would be if we could open and shut our ears as easily as we open and shut our eyes!
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter because nobody listens.
The pure and simple truth is rarely pure and never simple.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
If God lived on earth, people would break his windows.
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true.
You white people are so strange. We think it is very primitive for a child to have only two parents.
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common. Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their views
No one ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public.
There are no exceptions to the rule that everybody likes to be an exception to the rule.
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.
Man is the only animal that learns by being hypocritical. He pretends to be polite and then, eventually, he becomes polite.
Speak only well of people and you need never whisper.
Few of us will have the greatness to bend history itself, but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of these acts will be written the history of this generation.
Nothing... is unchangeable but the inherent and inalienable rights of man.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
What a blessing it would be if we could open and shut our ears as easily as we open and shut our eyes!
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
If God lived on earth, people would break his windows.
The dynamics of capitalism is postponement of enjoyment to the constantly postponed future.
A market is the combined behavior of thousands of people responding to information, misinformation and whim.
It's human nature to keep doing something as long as it's pleasureable and you can succeed at it--which is why the world population continues to double every 40 years.
In some cases non-violence requires more militancy than violence.
In the United States today, there is a pervasive tendency to treat children as adults, and adults as children.  The options of children are thus steadily expanded, while those of adults are progressively constricted.  The result is unruly children and childish adults.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
Let thy speech be better than silence, or be silent.
Modern man thinks he loses something; time; when he does not do things quickly. Yet he does not know what to do with the time he gains; except kill it.
When a man lies, he murders some part of the world.  These are the pale deaths which men miscall their lives.  All this I cannot bear to witness any longer.  Cannot the kingdom of salvation take me home?
Today, if you are not confused, you are just not thinking clearly.
The world's as ugly as sin, and almost as delightful.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of some sense to know how to lie well.
Men do not invent Myths. They only invent fables, and tell lies. True Myths create themselves, and find their expression in the men who serve their purpose.
Compromise does not satisfy, but dissatisfies everybody; it does not lead to any general fulfillment, but to general frustration; those who try to become everything to all people end up by not being anything to anyone.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.
Wallets are the fabricated items into which we put our fabricated money, which most people believe to be their possession of the realest value.
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes.
Sed quis custodiet ipsos custodes?
It's a sad and stupid thing to have to proclaim yourself a revolutionary just to be a decent man.
I always turn to the sports pages first, which records people's accomplishments.  The front page has nothing but man's failures.
Women are the only oppressed group in our society that lives in intimate association with their opressors.
He that has learned how to obey will know how to command.
No matter how much the cats fight, there still seems to be plenty of kittens.
Every society honors its live conformists and its dead troublemakers.
On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time. Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
We live in a moment of history where change is so speeded up that we begin to see the present only when it is already disappearing.
Don't knock the weather; nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation if it didn't change once in a while.
The world is so empty if one thinks only of mountains, rivers and cities; but to know someone here and there who thinks and feels with us, and though distant, is close to us in spirit - this makes the earth for us an inhabited garden
That man can destroy life is just as miraculous a feat as that he can create it, for life is the miracle, the inexplicable. In the act of destruction, man sets himself above life; he transcends himself as a creature. Thus, the ultimate choice for a man, inasmuch as he is driven to transcend himself, is to create or to destroy, to love or to hate.
Perhaps this is our strange and haunting paradox here in America -- that we are fixed and certain only when we are in movement.
From each, according to his ability; to each, according to his need.
I inhabit a weak, frail, decayed tenement battered by the winds and broken in on by the storms, and, from all I can learn, the landlord does not intend to repair.
And be on they guard against the good and the just! They would fain curcify those who devise their own virtue -- they hate the lonesome ones.
Of course, if you photograph the behavior of women and men at a particular time in history, in a particular situation, you will capture differences. But the error lies in inferring that a snapshot is a lasting picture. What women and men do at a moment in time tells us nothing about what women and men are in some unvarying sense - or about what they can be.
The dynamics of capitalism is postponement of enjoyment to the constantly postponed future.
The purpose of anthropology is to make the world safe for human differences.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
I believe that any man's life will be filled with constant and unexpected encouragement, if he makes up his mind to do his level best each day, and as nearly as possible reaching the high water mark of pure and useful living.
To desire and strive to be of some service to the world, to aim at doing something which shall really increase the happiness and welfare and virtue of humankind--this is a choice which is possible for all of us; and surely it is a good haven to sail for.
The United States is unusual among the industrial democracies in the rigidity of the system of ideological control-indoctrination, we might say-exercised through the mass media.
For a nation which has an almost evil reputation for bustle, bustle, bustle, and rush, rush, rush, we spend an enormous amount of time standing around in line in front of windows, just waiting.
Beware the fury of a patient man.
Promptitude is not only a duty, but is also a part of good manners; it is favorable to fortune, reputation, influence, and usefulness; a little attention and energy will form the habit, so as to make it easy and delightful.
Television has brought back murder into the home - where it belongs.
Americans will put up with anything provided it doesn't block traffic.
It is well enough that people of the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow morning,
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
He worked like hell in the country so he could live in the city, where he worked like hell so he could live in the country.
Anyone who can walk to the welfare office can walk to work.
In regione caecorum rex est luscus.
The things we fear most in organization - fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances - are the primary sources of creativity.
The gods had condemned Sisyphus to ceaselessly rolling a rock to the top of a mountain, whence the stone would fall backof its own weight. They had thought with some reason that there is no more dreadful punishment than futile and hopeless labor.
In 1974, I blacksmithed the now famous klunker from scavenged objects.  Then I started to hear the high form of recognition:'You can't do that,' and, 'It won't work.'  I knew I was onto something big.
I haven't failed, I've found 10,000 ways that don't work.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men
Simply pushing harder within the old boundaries will not do
I don't see much sense in that," said Rabbit.  "No," said Pooh humbly, "there isn't. But therewas going to be when I began it. It's just that something happened to it along the way.
Any man can make it with a job.  It takes a real man to make it without one.
Don't tell me how hard yo work. Tell me how much you get done.
Do not make the mistake...of thinking that a worker is a slave and that he holds his job by his employer's permission. He does not hold it by permission - but by contract, that is, by a voluntary mutual agreement.  A worker can quit his job; a slave cannot.
We trained hard but it seemed that everytime we were beginning to form up into teams we were reorganized. I was to learn later in life that we tend to meet any new situation by reorganizing, and what a wonderful method it can be for creating the illusion of progress while actually producing confusion, inefficiency, and demoralization.
Aim at perfection in everything, though in most things it is unattainable. However, they who aim at it, and persevere, will come much nearer to it than those whose despondency and laziness make them give it up as unattainable.
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.
They were so strong in their beliefs that there came a time when it hardly mattered what exactly those beliefs were; they all fused into a single stubbornness.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
In America, we hurry- which is well; but when the day's work is done, we go on thinking of losses and gains, we plan for the morrow, we even carry our business cares to bed with us...we burn up our energies with these excitements, and either die early or drop into a lean and mean old age at a time of life which they call a man's prime in Europe...What a robust people, what a nation of thinkers we might be, if we would only lay ourselves on the shelf occasionally and renew our edges!
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do. The pleasure is having lots to do and not doing it.
I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to buy things they don't need to impress people they dislike.
Now I don't know but I been told that it's hard to run with the weight of gold.  Other hand, I've heard it said, It's just as hard with the weight of lead.
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
If you get to thinkin' you're a person of some influence, try orderin' somebody else's dog around.
If it were desired to reduce man to nothing, it would be necessary only to give his work a character of uselessness.
The uncreative mind can spot wrong answers, but it takes a very creative mind to spot wrong questions.
One definition of insanity is to do the same thing, day-after-day, expecting different results.
The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time.
When people go to work, they shouldn't have to leave their hearts at home.
Every day I shall put my papers in order and every day I shall say farewell. And the real farewell, when it comes, will only be a small outward confirmation of what has been accomplished within me from day to day.
Progress always involves risk; you can't steal second base and keep your foot on first.
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.
If every day a man takes orders in silence from an incompetent superior, if every day he solemnly performs ritual acts which he privately finds ridiculous, if he unhesitatingly gives answers to questionnaires which are contrary to his real opinions and is prepared to deny his own self in public, if he sees no difficulty in feigning sympathy or even affection where, in fact, he feels only indifference or aversion, it still does not mean that he has entirely lost the use of one of the basic human senses, namely, the sense of humiliation.
Eagles may soar but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
You're only as good as the people you hire.
If you see a snake, just kill it. Don't appoint a committee on snakes.  Eagles don't flock - you have to find them one at a time.
If people really liked to work, we'd still be plowing the land with sticks and transporting goods on our backs.
All paid employments absorb and degrade the mind.
There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
Remember the two benefits of failure. First, if you do fail, you learn what doesn't work; and second, the failure gives you the opportunity to try a new approach.
Man is free at the moment he wishes to be.
The fellow who never makes a mistake takes his orders from one who does.
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
We observe with undivided attention because the little nuances in the quality of one's service give a flawless measure of one's mind.
To many time we confuse motion with progress.
The best leader is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and the self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
What's really important in life?  Sitting on a beach?  Looking a the television eight hours a day?  I think we have to appreciate that we're alive for only a limited period of time, and we'll spend most of our lives working.  That being the case, I believe one of the most important priorities is to do whatever we do as well as we can.  We should take pride in that.
We have too many people who live without working, and we have altogether too many who work without living.
I can't understand why people are frightened by new ideas.  I'm frightened of old ones.
Duty is the sublimest word in our language. Do your duty in all things. You cannot do more. You should never wish to do less.
What is a committee? A group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
There is a time in the life of every problem when it is big enough to see, yet small enough to solve.
Everything comes to those who hustle while he waits.
To get something done a committee should consist of no more than three people, two of whom are absent.
If it weren't for the last minute, a lot of things wouldn't get done.
Those who agree with us may not be right but we admire their astuteness.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof was to underestimate the ingenuity ofcomplete fools
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Yesterday I was a dog. Today I'm a dog. Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog. Sigh! There's so little hope for advancement.
Don't tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
The entrepreneur is essentially a visualizer and an actualizer... He can visualize something, and when he visualizes it he sees exactly how to make it happen.
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may get to be a boss and work twelve hours a day.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
Meetings are an addictive, highly self-indulgent activity that corporations and other large organizations habitually engage in only because they cannot actually masturbate.
Constant dripping hollows out a stone.
When a man says he approves of something in principle, it means he hasn't the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
If you want to piss with the big dogs, you'd better learn to lift your leg first; otherwise you just might get pissed on.
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
You will soon break the bow if you keep it always stretched.
Nothing is realy work unless you would rather be doing somethin else.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there’s only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him.
There are four things that hold back human progress. Ignorance, stupidity, committees and accountants.
I held a moment in my hand, brilliant as a star, fragile as a flower, a tiny sliver of one hour.  I dripped it carelessly, Ah!  I didn't know, I held opportunity.
The best helping hand that you will ever receive is the one at the end of your own arm.
No person can be a great leader unless he takes genuine joy in the successes of those under him.
Undertake something that is difficult; it will do you good. Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
The quickest and shortest way to crush whatever laurels you have won is for you to rest on them.
It isn't the incompetent who destroys an organization. The incompetent never gets in a position to destroy it. It is those who have achieved something and want to rest upon their achievements who are forever clogging things up.
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a new system. For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones.
Going to work for a large company is like getting on a train. Are you going sixty miles an hour or is the train going sixty miles an hour and you're just sitting still?
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
I will not condemn you for what you did yesterday, if you do it right today.
Problems are only opportunities in work clothes.
The genius of any slave system is found in the dynamics which isolate slaves from each other, obscure the reality of a common condition, and make united rebellion against the oppressor inconceivable.
Authority without wisdom is like a heavy axe without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.
I like the system which lets a man quit when he wants to and wish it might prevail everywhere.
The majority of business men are not capable of an original thought, simply because they cannot escape the tyranny of reason.
Half the work that is done in this world is to make things appear what they are not.
The highest reward for a person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
It is generally agreed that 'Hello' is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said 'Goodbye', it could confuse a lot of people.
Cynics are well-informed optimists.
Skippin' through the lily fields I came across an empty space.  It trembled and exploded and left a bus stop in its place.  The bus came by and I got on that's when it all began.  There was cowboy Neal at the wheel of a bus to never-ever land.
Lo Pan! Which Lo Pan; little old basketcase on wheels or the ten-foot tall roadblock?!
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.
Oh sleep ! it is a gentle thing, Beloved from pole to pole! To Mary Queen the praise be given!  She sent the gentle sleep from Heaven, That slid into my soul.
I don't think I'll travel anymore. Travel is nothing but an inconvenience. There is always enough trouble where you are.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite.  This is a very comforting thought -- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
God made the world, My Lord, and looked at it, and saw that it was good. Yes. But what if the world had looked back at him, to see whether he was good or not?
If you don't like the way the river is flowing, don't jump in.
Patience, n. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue.
The individual never asserts himself more than when he forgets himself.
Too much work and too much energy kill a man just as effectively as too much assorted vice or too much drink.
The courage of the poet is to keep ajar the door that leads into madness.
Bigotry tries to keep truth safe in its hand;  with a grip that kills it.
He that hath a head of wax must not walk in the sun.
I will make you shorter by a head.
Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
One can't complain. I have my friends. Someone spoke to me only yesterday.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret.
Don't be dismayed at goodbyes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again.  And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes is certain for thoes who are friends.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve..
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions.  Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Life does not exist in the past nor does it exist in the future.  Having a life is not about a lifetime of fond memories, making plans for the future or even what you're actually doing right now.  Having a life is simply having the opportunity to do things now."Debbie Wolfflife"Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun."Mary Lou Cooklearning"If you wish to travel far and fast, travel light. Take off all your envies, jealousies, unforgiveness, selfishness, and fears.
Ladies and gentlemen, there are moments in the lives of nations and peoples when it is incumbent upon those known for their wisdom and clarity of vision to survey the problem, with all its complexities and vain memories,in a bold drive toward new horizons."Anwar al-Sadat, Former President of Egypt, from a speech to the Israeli Knesset, November 20,1977government"A smile is a window on your face to show your heart is at home.
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; don't walk behind me, I may not lead; walk beside me, and just be my friend.
Never exagerate your faults. Your friends will attend to that.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
I say that habit's but a long practice, friend, And this becomes men's nature in the end.
The people who are regarded as moral luminaries are those who forego ordinary pleasures themselves and find compensation in interfering with the pleasures of others.
A man never discloses his own character so clearly as when he describes another's.
There's nothing like a gleam of humor to reassure you that a fellow human being is ticking inside a strange face.
You can't stay in your corner of the forest, waiting for others to come to you; you have to go to them sometimes.
We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us, but for ours to amuse them.
No enemy is so annoying as one who was a friend, or still is a friend, and there are many more of these than one would suspect.
To become a good man, one must have faithful friends, or outright enemies.
It is more shameful to mistrust one's friends than to be deceived by them.
Every man should have a fair-sized cemetery in which to bury the faults of his friends.
Each friend represents a world in us; a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only in meeting them that a new world is born.
The reality of the other person is not in what he reveals to you, but in what he cannot reveal to you. Therefore, if you would understand him, listen not to what he says but rather what he does not say.
Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
Together forever, never apart.  Maybe in distance but never at heart.
If you look for the worst in people and expect to find it, you surely will.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom know until it be lost.
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere.
He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, and he who has one enemy will meet him everywhere.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
There are very few people who do not become nore interesting when they stop talking.
Be nice and smile to everyone you meet.  You don't know what they are going through, and they may need that smile. And treasure it.
Remember, we all stumble, every one of us.  That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand.
Do you really want to see everyone again or should we keep the mystique of the corner in our minds?
There are two ways of spreading light - to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
The making of friends, who are real friends, is the best token we have of a man's success in life.
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart, and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words.
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
The potential for liberation inherent in the BBS as a tool for social projects has not yet been realized. The BBS Meganet involves untold thousands of e-mail enthusiasts who have so far not sent or received one real good.
Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
There is more to life than increasing speed.
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them.
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.'
Computers have enabled people to make more mistakes faster than almost any invention in history, with the possible exception of tequila and hand guns.
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
It troubles me that we are so easily pressured by purveyors of technology into permitting so-called "progress" to alter our lives without attempting to control it -- as if technology were an irrepressible force of nature to which we must meekly submit.
Our inventions are wont to be pretty toys, which distract our attention from serious things. They are but improved means to an unimproved end.
Ours is the age which is proud of machines that think and suspicious of men who try to.
You know, we can talk sometimes about managing our own evolution. About cloning people. About deciding how with genetic engineering we're going to improve ourselves. But how do we improve ourselves? We don't know. We've improved domestic animals a great way. We've got cows that give milk by the hundreds of gallons. We've got sheep that are wool...all the way through.  We've got turkeys that are all breast.
Time and space are modes by which we think and not conditions in which we live.
Imagine a school with children that can read or write, but with teachers who cannot, and you have a metaphor of the Information Age in which we live.
It is only when they go wrong that machines remind you how powerful they are.
Science may have found a cure for most evils; but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all- the apathy of human beings.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds the most discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...’.
The charm of television entertainment is its ability to bridge the chasm between dinner and bedtime without mental destraction.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
A nuclear power plant is infinently safer than eating, because 300 people choke to death on food every year.
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
Technology is a way of organizing the universe so that man doesn't have to experience it.
Is fuel efficiency really what we need most desperatelly? I say that what we really need is a car that can be shot when it breaks down.
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend.
Technology is a way of organizing the universe so that man doesn't have to experience it.
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.
The number of the beast - vi vi vi
Television has changed a child from an irresistible force to an immovable object.
Computers make it easy to do alot of things, but most of the things that make it easier to do don't need to be done.
All of the biggest technological inventions created by man - the airplane, the automobile, the computer - says little about his intelligence, but speaks volumes about his laziness.
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
For a smart material to be able to send out a more complex signal it needs to be nonlinear. If you hit a tuning fork twice as hard it will ring twice as loud but still at the same frequency. That's a linear response. If you hit a person twice as hard they're unlikely just to shout twice as loud. That property lets you learn more about the person than the tuning fork.
Computers are composed of nothing more than logic gates stretched out to the horizon in a vast numerical irrigation system.
I do not fear computers. I fear lack of them.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a 'fix' of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that Netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.
For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled.
Experience has shown that science frequently develops most fruitfully once we learn to examine the things that seem the simplest, instead of those that seem the most mysterious.
The universe is not hostile, nor yet is it unfriendly. It is simply indifferent.
Science differs from politics or religion, in precisely this one discipline: we agree in advance to simply reject our own findings when they have been shown to be in error.
That's what's cool about working with computers. They don't argue, they remember everything and they don't drink all your beer.
If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a 'fix' of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that Netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
A nuclear power plant is infinitely safer than eating, because 300 people choke to death on food every year.
I look forward to the invention of faster-than-light travel. What I'm not looking forward to is the long wait in the dark once I arrive at my destination.
Talk not of wasted affection; affection never was wasted.
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Others stay for a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never ever the same.
The holiest of all holidays are those kept by ourselves in silence and apart; The secret anniversaries of the heart.
I only wish to be the fountain of love from which you drink, every drop promising eternal passion.
Lust is when you love what you see.  Love is when you lust for what's inside.
Where is fancy bred? In the heart or in the head?
I am about courting a girl I have had but little acquaintance with. How shall I come to a knowledge of her faults, and whether she has the virtues I imagine she has? Answer. Commend her among her female acquaintances.
Love is an attempt to change a piece of the dream-world into reality.
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
Love is like a faucet, you can turn it off an' on, But when you think you've got it, it's done turned off and gone.
Happiness is a butterfly which when pursued is just out of grasp... But if you will sit down quietly, it may alight upon you.
Thou art gone from my gaze like a beautiful dream, And I seek thee in vain by the meadow and stream.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
You have to walk carefully in the beginning of love; the running across fields into your lover's arms can only come later when you're sure they won't laugh if you trip.
A beautiful soul has no other merit, but it's exsistance.
When the satisfaction or security of another person becomes as significant to one and ones own satifaction or security, then the state of love exists
As for me, to love you alone, to make you happy, to do nothing which would contradict your wishes, this is my destiny and the meaning of my life.
The difference between friendship and love is how much you can hurt each other.
A ship is always referred to as she because it costs so much to keep one in paint and powder.
I get this feeling we'll be together again. No straight lines make up my life, all roads have bends. No clear cut beginnings and so far no dead ends.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever; its lovliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness.
Pride is one of the seven deadly sins; but it cannot be the pride of a mother in her children, for that is a compound of two cardinal virtues -- faith and hope.
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose.
Lots of people are willing to die for the person they love, which is a pity, for it is a much grander thing to live for that person.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved - loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
I wear my wife's eyeglasses because she wants me to see things her way.
Knowledge is gained by learning; trust by doubt; skill by practice; and love by love.
What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork.
All marriages are mixed marriages.
True love never dies for it is lust that fades away. Love bonds for a lifetime but lust just pushes away.
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.....and therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
True is the grief you carry without witnesses.
Intoxicated by the pleasure of seeing him, of hearing him speak, by the sweet awareness of his presence near me, by the even greater happieness of being able to make him happy, I lost all strength of mind and will; I had scarcely enough left to struggle, I had none to resist.
LOVE, n. A temporary insanity curable by marriage or by removal of the patient from the influences under which he incurred the disorder.
You can plant a dream.
Most plain girls are virtuous because of the scarcity to be otherwise.
It's the good girls who keep diaries; the bad girls never have the time
Romance, like the rabbit at the dog track, is the elusive, fake, and never attained reward which, for the benefit and amusement of our masters, keeps us running and thinking in safe circles.
The little I know, I owe to my ignorance.  When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
I will reveal to you a love potion, without medicine, without herbs, without any witch’s magic; if you want to be loved, then love.
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
True Love is like ghosts,Everyone talks about but very few have seen.
True Love is like ghosts,Everyone talks about but very few have seen.
Hallow the body as a temple to comeliness and sanctify the heart as a sacrifice to love; love recompenses the adorers.
We are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly embracing each other.
The hardest of all is learning to be a well of affection, and not a fountain; to show them we love them not when we feel like it, but when they do.
Love involves a peculiar unfathomable combination of understanding and misunderstanding.
Errors, like straws, upon the suface flow; He who would search for pearls must dive down below.
Treasure the love you receive above all.  It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
The pleasure of all reading is doubled when one lives with another who shares the same books.
Absence lessens half-hearted passions, and increases great ones, as the wind puts out candles and yet stirs up the fire.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
When the fabric of the universe becomes unknown, it is the duty of the university to produce weavers.
Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
My spelling is Wobbly. It's good spelling, but it Wobbles, and the letters get in the wrong places.
One of the greatest joys known to man is to take a flight into ignorance in search of knowledge.
I am what the librarians have made me with a little assistance from a professor of Greek and a few poets.
If I were founding a university I would begin with a smoking room; next a dormitory; and then a decent reading room and a library. After that, if I still had more money that I couldn't use, I would hire a professor and get some text books.
People who make no mistakes lack boldness and the spirit of adventure. They are the brakes on the wheels of progress.
Gradualness, gradualness, and gradualness. From the very beginning of your work, school yourself to severe gradualness in the accumulation of knowledge.
The ultimate result of shielding men from the effects of folly, is to fill the world with fools.
Now that education is so easy, men are drilled for greatness, just as dogs are trained to retrieve. In this way we've discovered a new sort of genius, those great at being drilled. These are the people who are mainly spoiling the market.
There are children playing in the street who could solve some of my top problems in physics, because they have modes of sensory perception that I lost long ago.
You are not thinking. You are merely being logical.
Logic, like whiskey, loses its beneficial effect when taken in too large quantities.
A public library is the most enduring of memorials, the trustiest monument for the preservation of an event or a name or an affection; for it, and it only, is respected by wars and revolutions, and survives them.
In the university they don't tell you that the greater part of the law is learning to tolerate fools.
Let ignorance talk as it will, learning has its value.
Genius means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way.
He who asks a question may be a fool for five minutes, but he who never asks a question remains a fool forever.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of ones ignorance.
Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on.
Second-hand knowledge of the self gathered from books or gurus can never emancipate a man until its truth is rightly investigated and applied; only direct realization will do that. Realize yourself, turning the mind inward.
Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors.
We all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough?
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution.
So, when on one side you hoist in Locke's head, you will go over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant's and you come back again; but in very poor plight.  Thus some minds for ever keep trimming boat.  Oh, ye foolish! Throw all these thunderheads overboard, and then you will float light and right.
Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence he is just using his memory.
He who knows others is wise, He who knows himself is enlightened.
In mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them.
Our bombs are smarter than the average high school student. At least they can find Kuwait.
Tweedledee: "Contrariwise.  If it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic.
There are many people who reach their conclusions about life like schoolboys; they cheat their master by copying the answer out of a book without having worked out the sum for themselves.
Vir prudens non contra ventum mingit
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.  One should, for example, be able to see that things are hopeless and yet be determined to make them otherwise.
The mind is a dangerous weapon, even to the possessor, if he knows not discreetly how to use it.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
I'll not listen to reason…. Reason always means that someone else has something to say.
The only fool bigger than the person who knows it all is the person who argues with him.
Language is a wonderful thing. It can be used to express thoughts, to conceal thoughts, but more often, to replace thinking.
Slang is language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands -- and goes to work.
An intellectual snob is someone who can listen to the William Tell Overture and not think of The Lone Ranger.
The more we study the more we discover our ignorance.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
Imagination is more important than knowledge...
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug.
I do not know what I appear to the world; but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on a seashore, and diverting myself now and then by finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field.
The true art of memory is the art of attention.
It's a rash man who reaches a conclusion, before he gets to it.
He that will not reason is a bigot, He that cannot reason is a fool, He that dares not reason is a slave.
Censorship, like charity, should begin at home, but unlike charity, it should end there.
Education makes people easy to lead, but difficult to drive; easy to govern, but impossible to enslave.
My alphabet starts with this letter called yuzz.  It's the letter I use to spell yuzz-a-ma-tuzz.  You'll be sort of surprised what there is to be found once you go beyond 'Z' and start poking around!
If a man's wit be wandering, let him study the mathematics.
What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
There are two sorts of curiosity -- the momentary and the permanent. The momentary is concerned with the odd appearance on the surface of things. The permanent is attracted by the amazing and consecutive life that flows on beneath the surface of things.
A professor can never better distinguish himself in his work than by encouraging a clever pupil, for the true discoverers are among them, as comets amongst the stars.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience.
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers.
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.
The house is a castle which the king cannot enter.
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything. It should be of the hill, belonging to it, so hill and house could live together each the happier for the other.
Nobody untrained in geometry may enter my house.
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
A good cook is like a sorceress who dispenses happiness.
To all, to each, a fair good-night, And pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut
An order given in battle, an instruction issued by the master of a sailing ship, a cry for help, are as powerful in modifying the course of events as any other bodily act....You utter a vow or forge a signature and you may find yourself bound for life to a monestary, a woman or prison.
On the whole, I haven't found men unduly loath to say, "I love you." The real trick is to get them to say, "Will you marry me?
Love is an ideal thing, marriage is a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
I never believed in much, but I believed in you.
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in?
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the legislature is in session.
Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture.
People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history
America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
A power has risen up in the government greater than the people themselves, consisting of many and various and powerful interests, combined into one mass, and held together by the cohesive power of the vast surplus in the banks.
Politics is but a narrow field, and that still narrower highway yonder leads to it.  I some-times direct the traveler hither.  If you would go to the political world, follow the great road, -- follow that market-man, keep his dust in your eyes, and it will lead you straight to it; for it, too, has its place merely, and does not occupy all space.  I pass from it as from a bean-field into the forest, and it is forgotten.  In one half-hour I can walk off to some portion of the earth's surface where a man does not stand from one year's end to another, and there, consequently, politics are not, for they are but as the cigar-smoke of a man.
Terrorism is in good part an effect of government propaganda; it serves to deflect attention from governmental abuse toward a mostly imagined, highly dangerous outside enemy.
Error is to be pitied and pardoned: it is the weakness of human nature. But vice is a foul blemish, not pardonable in any character.
He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp posts -- for support rather than illumination.
The work of internal government has become the task of controlling the thousands of fifth-rate men.
The modesty in a sect is perhaps a singular instance in the history of mankind, every other sect supposing itself in a position of all truth, and that those who differ are so far in the wrong; like a man travelling in foggy weather, those at some distance before him on the road he sees wrapped up in the fog, as well as those behind him, and also the people in the fields on each side, but near him all appears clear, tho' in truth he is as much in the fog as any of them.
If this country is to survive, the best-fed-nation myth had better be recognized for what it is: propaganda designed to produce wealth but not health.
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Freedom is the recognition that no single person, no single authority of government has a monopoly on the truth, but that every individual life is infinitely precious, that every one of us put on this world has been put there for a reason and has something to offer.
The best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter.
In the United States the majority undertakes to supply a multitude of ready-made opinions for the use of individuals, who are thus relieved from the necessity of forming opinions of their own.
Those who are too smart to engage in politics are punished by being governed by those who are dumber.
To us the ashes of our ancestors are sacred and their resting place is hallowed ground. You wander far from the graves of your ancestors and seemingly without regret.  Your religion was written upon tablets of stone by the iron finger of your God so that you could not forget. The Red Man could never comprehend or remember it. Our religion is the traditions of our ancestors -- the dreams of our old men, given them in solemn hours of the night by the Great Spirit; and the visions of our sachems, and is written in the hearts of our people.
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
The time is at hand when the wearing of a prayer shawl and skullcap will not bar a man from the White House - unless, of course, the man is Jewish.
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
Next week there can't be any crisis.  My schedule is already full.
So long as governments set the example of killing their enemies, private citizens will occasionally kill theirs.
The state is never so efficient as when it wants money.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
If I had to choose between a government without newspapers or newspapers without government, I should not hesitate to choose the later.
The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant.
The Vice Presidency is sort of like the last cookie on the plate. Everybody insists he won't take it, but somebody always does.
Half of the American people have never read a newspaper. Half never voted for President. One hopes it is the same
half.
The government deficit is the difference between the amount of money the government spends and the amount it has the nerve to collect.
You will find that the State is the kind of organization which, though it does big things badly, does small things badly, too.
We don't want to go back to tomorrow, we want to go forward.
Washington is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
An incompetent attorney can delay a trial for months or years. A competent attornety can delay one even longer.
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
It isn't that Liberals are ignorant. It's just that they know so much that isn't so.
You will find that the State is the kind of organization which, though it does big things badly, does small things badly, too.
The  Chinese  have  two  characters  for  our word  crisis  one  means  danger  and  the  other  opportunity.
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.
It is not power that corrupts, but fear- fear of losing power and fear of the scourge of those who wield it.
The death of democracy is not likely to be an assassination from ambush. It will be a slow extinction from apathy, indifference, and undernourishment.
Who's more foolish: the fool, or the fool who follows him?
It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies.
I was under medication when I made the decision to burn the tapes.
The direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large nations.
As Mankind becomes more liberal, they will be more apt to allow that all those who conduct themselves as worthy members of the community are equally entitled to the protections of civil government. I hope ever to see America among the foremost nations of justice and liberality.
When you get right down to it, one of the most important tasks of a leader is to eliminate his people's excuse for failure.
Taxation with representation ain't so hot either.
I have no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the States where it exists. I believe I have no lawful right to do so, and I have no inclination to do so.
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.
Leaders get out in front and stay there by raising the standards by which they judge themselves - and by which they are willing to be judged.
The Constitution shall never be construed...to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms.
When you're a lawyer, you expect your client to lie to you, but not when he is the president.
Those who suppress freedom always do so in the name of law and order.
If I wished to punish a province, I would have it governed by philosophers.
It is a besetting vice of democracies to substitute public opinion for law. This is the usual form in which masses of men exhibit their tyranny.
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
We are going to win and the industrial West is going to lose out; there's not much you can do about it because the reasons for your failure are within yourselves.
The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
Democracy is the art of running the circus from the monkey cage.
Political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.
No man who ever held the office of President would congratulate a friend on obtaining it.
The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes.
I confess that there are several parts of this Constitution which I do not at present approve, but I am not sure I shall never approve them. For having lived long, I have experienced many instances of being obliged by better information, or fuller consideration, to change opinions even on important subjects, which I once thought right, but found to be otherwise.
When you make your peace with authority, you become authority.
Any institution which does not suppose the people good, and the magistrate corruptible, is evil.
Riding trails with your dog restores a bond lost in some evolutionary belch.  You travel at the same speed, over the same terrain, neither of you slowing to compensate for the other.  You're equal playmates with mud in your teeth.
I am often surprised by the cleverness, and now and again by the stupidity of my dog; and I have similar experiences with mankind.
The problem with cats is that they get the same exact look whether they see a moth or an ax-murderer.
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.
Money will buy you a pretty good dog, but it won't buy the wag of his tail.
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent. To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring--it was peace.
Heaven goes by favor. If it went by merit, you would stay out and your dog would go in.
If fortune drives the master forth, an outcast in the world, friendless and homeless, the faithful dog asks no higher privilege than that of accompanying him, to guard him against danger, to fight against his enemies.
A dog wags its tail with its heart.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself.
The great pleasure of a dog is that you may make a fool of yourself with him and not only will he not scold you but he will make a fool of himself too.
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.
If you think dogs can't count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only two of them.
Did you ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you? But when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window.
One who sets the entire army in motion to chase an advantage will not attain it.
Do not press an enemy at bay.
If ignorant both of your enemy and yourself, you are certain to be in peril.
The enemy will be tired and you will be rested if you lure him to you.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he doesn't become a monster.
First, we're going to cut it off, then we're going to kill it.
Sometimes nothing can be a pretty cool hand.
A competent leader can get efficient service from poor troops while, on the contrary, an incapable leader can demoralize the best of troops.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Perception is strong and sight weak. In strategy it is important to see distant things as if they were close and to take a distanced view of close things.
Yes, we have slain a large dragon. But we live now in a jungle filled with a bewildering variety of poisonous snakes.  And in many ways, the dragon was easier to keep track of.
There are not more than five primary colors (blue, yellow, red, white, and black), yet in combination they produce more hues than can ever been seen.
One began to hear it said that World War I was the chemists' war, World War II was the physicists' war, World War III (may it never come) will be the mathematicians' war.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but the mastery of it.
On open ground, do not try to block the enemy's way. On the ground of intersecting highways, join hands with your allies.
Beware of small expenses; small leaks can sink a big ship.
To secure peace is to prepare for war.
It is the fight alone that pleases us, not the victory.
Their strength is to sit still.
The god of Victory is said to be one-handed, but Peace gives victory to both sides.
Silence is not always tact and it is tact that is golden, not silence.
Never do anything when you are in a temper, for you will do everything wrong.
We are not retreating; we are advancing in another direction.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake.
Bicycles are almost as good as guitars for meeting girls.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.
The best current evidence is that media are mere vehicles that deliver instruction but do not influence student achievement any more than the truck that delivers groceries causes change in our nutrition.
We would often be sorry if our wishes were gratified.
Leisure time is that five or six hours when you sleep at night.
This is the way I look when I'm sober. It's enough to make a person drink, don't you say?
God made wine for great and small. Small fools drink too much. Great fools drink none at all!
One reason why I don't drink is because I wish to know when I am having a good time.
A bartender is a temporary pharmacists with a limited inventory.
Twas a Woman who drove me to drink. And I never had the courtesy to thank her!
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one.
Booze may not be the answer, but it helps you to forget the question.
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis.  The great point is to bring them the real facts, and beer.
Everybody should believe in something; I believe I'll have another drink.
The world wants solace when it's grieved.  I drink beer, but I'm not decieved.
The trouble with jogging is that the ice falls out of your glass.
The world wants solace when it's grieved.  I drink beer, but I'm not decieved.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
My experience through life has convinced me that, while moderation and temperance in all things are commendable and beneficial, abstinence from spirituous liquors is the best safeguard of morals and health.
Get up and dance, get up and smile, get up and drink to the days that are gone in the shortest while.
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts, and beer.
Sitting silent and looking wise cannot be compared to drinking wine and making a racket.
The problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind.
I'm goin' where the wind don't blow so strange, maybe off on some high cold mountain chain
A brave man likes the feel of nature onhis face",   "Yeah and a wise man has enough sense toget in out of the rain
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces up, snow is exhilarating; there is no such thing as bad weather just different kinds of good weather.
When a man does a piece of work which is admired by all we say that it is wonderful;  but when we see the changes of day and night, the sun, the moon, and the stars in the sky, and the changing seasons upon the earth, with their ripening fruits, anyone must realize that it is the work of someone more powerful than man.
Two roads diverged in a woods,-- and I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference.
The Earth does not belong to us, we belong to the Earth.
The mountains are fountains of men as well as of rivers, of glaciers, of fertile soil.  The great poets, philosophers, prophets, able men whose thought and deeds have moved the world, have come down from the mountains.
I feel an indescribable ecstasy and delirium in melting, as it were, into the system of beings, in identifying myself with the whole of nature.
The clearest way to the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
The planting of trees is the least self-centered of all that we can do. It is a purer act of faith than the procreation of children.
Lady finger, dipped in moonlight, writing "What for?" across the morning sky.  Sunlight splatters, dawn with answer, darkness shrugs and bids the day goodbye.
I don't think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains...my advice is: Go outside, to the fields, enjoy nature and the sunshine, go out and try to recapture the happiness in yourself and in God. Think of all the beauty that's still left in and around you and be happy.
Though my soul may sit in darkness, it will arise in perfect light. I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night.
Even trees do not die without a groan.
The only problem with the speed of light, is it gets here too early in the morning.
Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless; peacocks and lilies, for example.
Summer afternoon -- summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language.
I am...a mushroom; On whom the dew of heaven drops now and then.
One of the healthiest ways to gamble is with a spade and a package of garden seeds.
Till now man has been up against Nature, from now on he will be up against his own nature.
To find the universal elements enough; to find the air and the water exhilarating; to be refreshed by a morning walk or an evening saunter. . .to be thrilled by the stars at night; to be elated over a bird's nest or a wildflower in spring - - these are some of the rewards of the simple life.
The Creator has an inordinate fondness for beetles.
Space isn't remote at all. It's only an hour's drive away if your car could go straight upwards.
We love this earth as a newborn loves its mother's heartbeat. So, if we sell you our land, love it as we have loved it. Care for it, as we have cared for it. Hold in your mind the memory of the land as it is when you receive it. Preserve the land for all children, and love it, as God loves us.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Heredity is what sets the parents of a teenager wondering about each other.
We do not inherit this land from our ancestors; we borrow it from our children.
The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity...and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.
God loved the birds and invented trees.  Man loved the birds and invented cages.
Don't cry when the sun is gone, because the tears won't let you see the stars.
It wasn't the Exxon Valdez captain's driving that caused the Alaskan oil spill.  It was yours.
The use of solar energy has not been opened up because the oil industry does not own the sun.
If you talk to the animals they will talk with you and you will know each other. If you do not talk to them you will not know them and what you do not know, you will fear. What one fears, one destroys.
One does not sell the land people walk on.
It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. I put up my thumb and shut one eye, and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth. I didn't feel like a giant. I felt very, very small.
There is only one nature - the division into science and engineering is a human imposition, not a natural one. Indeed, the division is a human failure; it reflects our limited capacity to comprehend the whole.
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop away from you like the leaves of Autumn.
If you live on this land, and you have ancestors sleeping in this land, I believe that makes you a native to this land. It has nothing to do with the color of your skin. I was not raised to look at people racially. What I was taught is that we're flowers in the Great Spirit's garden. We share a common root, and the root is Mother Earth.
A man has made at least a start on discovering the meaning of human life when he plants shade trees under which he knows full well he will never sit.
On every mountain height is rest.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
The Earth laughs in flowers.
Swift or smooth, broad as the Hudson or narrow enough to scrape your gunwales, every river is a world of its own, unique in pattern and personality. Each mile on a river will take you further from home than a hundred miles on a road.
Now I see the secret of making the best person, it is to grow in the open air and to eat and sleep with the earth.
To the fool, he who speaks wisdom will sound foolish.
It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
Pooh hasn't much Brain, but he never comes to any harm. He does silly things and they turn out right.
The only laws of matter are those that our minds must fabricate and the only laws of mind are fabricated for it by matter.
To make oneself an object, to make oneself passive, is a very different thing from being a passive object.
As a rule, he or she who has the most information will have the greatest success in life.
It is better to debate a question without settling it than to settle a question without debating it.
A scientist can hardly meet with anything more undesirable than to have the foundations give way just as the work is finished. I was put in this position by a letter from Mr. Bertrand Russell when the work was nearly through the press.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
Life is good for only two things, discovering mathematics and teaching mathematics.
The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with facts for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life.
Advice is like snow; the softer it falls the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow.
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.
In order to seek truth it is necessary once in the course of our life to doubt as far as possible all things.
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
The shortest path between two truths in the real domain passes through the complex domain.
God not only plays dice. He also sometimes throws the dice where they cannot be seen.
When a man faces his Maker, he will have to account for the pleasures of life he failed to experience.
Religion is the best armour in the world, but the worst cloak.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
If you begin to live life looking for the God that is all around you, every moment becomes a prayer.
People need religion. It's a vehicle for a moral tradition. A crucial role. Nothing can take its place.
We turn to God for help when our foundations are shaking, only to learn that it is God who is shaking them.
Somebody recently figured out that we have 35 million laws to enforce the ten commandments.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
We are all connected to everyone and everything in the universe. Therefore, everything one does as an individual affects the whole. All thoughts, words, images, prayers, blessings, and deeds are listened to by all that is.
They [those who believe that "there are men on the other side of the earth"] fail to observe that even if the world is held to be global or rounded in shape, or if some process of reasoning should prove this to be the case, it would still not necessarily follow that the land on the opposite side is not covered by masses of water.
The idea that we shall be welcomed as new members into the galactic community is as unlikely as the idea that the oyster will be welcomed as a new member into the human community. We're probably not even edible.
Blessed is he who makes his companions laugh.
The Universe should be deemed an immense Being, always living, always moved and always moving in an eternal activity inherent in itself, and which, subordinate to no foreign cause, is communicated to all its parts, connects them together, and makes the world of things a complete and perfect whole.
The double law of attraction and radiation or of sympathy and antipathy, of fixedness and movement, which is the principle of Creation, and the perpetual cause of life.
Lasciate ogni speranza voi ch'entrate!
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
It is a wise father who knows his child.  But maybe it's a very wise child who takes the times to know his father.
Attachment is the great fabricator of illusions; reality can be attained only by someone who is detached.
Relationships are hard. It's like a full-time job, and we should treat it like one. If your boyfriend or girlfriend wants to leave you, they should give you two weeks' notice. There should be severance pay, and before they leave you, they should have to find you a temp.
The best way to get most husbands to do something is to suggest that perhaps they're too old to do it.
A man likes his wife to be just clever enough to appreciate his cleverness, and just stupid enough to admire it.
I ain't ever had a job.  I just always played baseball.
It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when we have lost our way.
For Americans war is almost all of the time a nuisance, and military skill is a luxury like Mah-Jongg. But when the issue is brought home to them, war becomes as important, for the necessary period, as business or sport. And it is hard to decide which is likely to be the more ominous for the Axis -- an American decision that this is sport, or that it is business.
Using drugs isn't cheating. It's stealing victory from someone who deserves it.
Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but she did it backwards and in high heels.
It is amazing what you can accomplish when you set out to do nothing.
Never curse the darkness, only be inspired by it.
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill.  Our antagonist is our helper.
Enjoy yourself.  It's later than you think.
Live every day as if it were your last and then some day you'll be right.
Life is not lost by dying; life is lost minute by minute, day by dragging day, in all the thousand small uncaring ways.
The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it is unfamiliar territory.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of the dream. Wandering by lone sea breakers, and sitting by desolate streams. World losers and world forsakers, for whom the pale moon gleams. Yet we are movers and the shakers of the world forever it seems.
A good listener tries to understand thoroughly what the other person is saying. In the end he may disagree sharply, but before he disagrees, he wants to know exactly what it is he is disagreeing with.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best.
The grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Reason often makes mistakes, but conscience never does.
The last time somebody said, 'I find I can write much better with a word processor.', I replied, 'They used to say the same thing about drugs.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
A woman is like a tea bag. You never know how strong she is until she gets in hot water.
You may have a fresh start at any moment you choose, for this thing we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down.
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.
Blessed are those who can laugh at themselves, for they shall never cease to be amused.
If you want better eyes, try to see the best in people.
The shadows we see on the walls in front of us come from the flashlight we hold behind us.
Success is that peace of mind that comes from knowing you've done everything in your power to become the very best you're capable of becoming.
Success is counted sweetest ~ By those who ne'er succeed. To comprehend a nectar ~ Requires sorest need.
hose who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Anyone who proposes to do good must not expect people to roll stones out of his way, but must accept his lot calmly if they even roll a few more upon it.
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
The death of fear is in doing what you fear to do.
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because some day in life you will have been all these.
Men and women are not content to comfort themselves with tales of gods and giants, or to confine their thoughts to the daily affairs of life; they also build telescopes and satellites and accelerators, and sit at desks for endless hours working out the meaning of the data they gather.
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night, in the dusty recesses of their minds, awake in the day to find that it was vanity. But the dreamers of the day are dangerouus men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes to make it reality.
You cannot stay on the summit forever; you have to come down again. So why bother in the first place? Just this: What is above knows what is below, but what is below does not know what is above. One climbs, one sees. One descends, one sees no longer, but one has seen. There is an art of conducting oneself in the lower regions by the memory of what one saw higher up. When one can no longer see, one can at least still know.
A window of opportunity won't open itself.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
Besides pride, loyalty, discipline, heart, and mind, confidence is the key to all the locks.
The winners in life think constantly in terms of I can, I will, and I am. Losers, on the other hand, concentrate their waking thoughts on what they should have or would have done, or what they can’t do.
Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
We're here for a good time not a long time
Laugh at your friends, and if your friends are sore; So much the better, you may laugh the more.
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog.
Seven days without laughter makes one weak.
I'll play with it first and tell you what it is later.
There might be some credit in being jolly.
The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, shows us to others, but hides us from ourselves.
The more refined one is, the more unhappy.
Enthusiasm is the inspiration of everything great. Without it no man is to be feared, and with it none despised.
It is an inexorable Law of Nature that bad must follow good, that decline must follow a rise. To feel that we can rest on our achievements is a dangerous fallacy. Inner strength can overcome anything that occurs outside.
There are souls in this world which have the gift of finding joy everywhere and of leaving it behind them when they go.
The youth gets together the materials for a bridge to the moon, and at length the middle-aged man decides to make a woodshed with them.
I will prepare, and some day my chance will come.
He who limps is still walking.
Extraordinary how potent cheap music is.
What orators lack in depth they make up for in length.
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows.
Adventure is not outside a man, it is within.
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact.
Money often costs to much.
Prevention is better than cure.
Win without boasting. Lose without excuse.
I made my money by selling too soon.
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them, glory and danger alike, and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it.
Good leaders are like baseball umpires; they go practically unnoticed when doing their jobs right.
The cowards think of what they can lose, the heroes of what they can win.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
There are two kinds of people who never amount to much: those who cannot do what they are told, and those who can do nothing else.
It belongs to human nature to hate those you have injured.
I will not condemn you for what you did yesterday, if you do it right today.
You don't tell the quality of a master by the size of his crowds.
Lack of will power has caused more failure than lack of intelligence or ability.
In the beginner's mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert's mind there are few.
Talk doesn't cook rice.
Good words shall gain you honor in the marketplace, but good deeds shall gain you friends among men.
Invincibility lies in the defense; the possibility of victory in the attack. One defends when his strength is inadequate; he attacks when it is abundant.
Coming to an impasse, change, having changed, you will get through.
The sound of the water says what I think.
He who knows others is wise.  He who knows himself is enlightened.
The superior man acquaints himself with many sayings of antiquity and many deeds of the past, in order to strengthen his character thereby.
Let a man avoid evil deeds as a man who loves life avoids poison.
It is the sides of the mountain which sustain life, not the top.
Balance is the natural state of life, because the basic characteristic of the fundamental element of life, pure consciousness, is complete balance.
Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language.
I need a prison in order to dream of being free.
Today it is me, tomorrow someone else. There is no day I am the same.
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure--that is all that agnosticism means.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.... The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
Philosophy, like Medicine, has many drugs, very few good remedies, and almost no specifics.
The defining function of the artist is to cherish consciousness.
I find in all the artists that I admire most a disturbing element, a distortion, giving evidence of a struggle . . . . In great art, this conflict is hidden, it is unresolved. All that is bursting with energy is disturbing - not perfect.
Without freedom, no art; art lives only on the restrainst it imposes on itself, and dies of all others.
Enthusiasm is the element of success in everything.  It is the light that leads and the strength that lifts people on and up in the great struggles of scientific pursuits and of professional labor.  It robs endurance of difficulty, and makes pleasure of duty.
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a best-seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
Up the airy mountain, Down the rushy glen, We daren't go a-hunting, For fear of little men.
Don't wait to be noticed -- Being discovered by an influential patron would be ideal, but it's best not to depend on this. Become a discoverer yourself instead of passively hoping someone out there will notice you. While the show business artist needs a big break, the visual artist needs to concentrate on faithful practice of one work after another. Good work will eventually be noticed.
I wish they would only take me as I am.
Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
If the Aborigine drafted an I.Q. test, all of Western civilization would presumably flunk it.
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind.
The greatest composer does not sit down to work because he is inspired, but becomes inspired because he is working.
Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity.
Without Elvis, none of us could have made it.
The Wheel weaves as the Wheel wills.
